https://git-scm.com/book/en/v1/Getting-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup

on windows .gitconfig file is located at C:\Users\alakras
to list the content of this file on git bash use command 'git config --list'
if you want to see what value a key holds use command 'git config user.name'

show/demo how to 
configure and initalize a repo. - done
begin and stop tracking the files
stage and commit changes
how to see chnages between commits
how to browse history of your project
how to push and pull from remote directories

it looks like it's important to know few vi editor or bash commands, i had learnt it many years ago in fact i learn C and C++ on unix in vi editor.

we need to use 'git add <filename>' command to start tracking/version controlling a file, when we 'add' a file
we started version controlling it as well as we stage it so that it become ready to get committed.

git status is the command that we need to keep running in bash...

gitingone can be revisited later, not important at this stage

'git diff' is command which shows exact differenece with your staged and unstaged changes
there are two version of git diff 1)git diff HEAD and 2)git diff cached 	
-----------------------------------------------------
after a long time i revisited git bash but then was unable to find out whether i am still mapped to repository?
opend git bash commandline editor and then i was blank what to do.
then first to know where i am used 'pwd' command then i was on '/', after googled got to know that i should be on home directory so used command 'cd ~' and then i was on my user directory (checked with pwd command again)
later found that when you do 'git init' it crates an .git hidden folder and it become your repository
------------------------------
20-may-19
we need to cd ~ to get into home direcotry, do git init.... then asked sequence to roma on what is our standard process

1. use 'git branch' to see on what currently you are ... i am on master branch
2. get the latest code by ' git pull origin master' this will get all latest code from master branch
3. now create a new branch on which you are going to work 'git branch feature\lmp-1149'
4. give 'git branch' command you will see master and newly created branch, with asterisk on master, meaning you are still on master branch
5  get on newly creted branch with 'git checkout feature\lmp-1149' 
6. again give 'git branch' command and now asterrisk is moved from master to new branch
7. modify the content of a file on your local machine
8. give 'git status' command to check which file is modifed
9. give 'git diff filename' command to verify differences.
10. 'git add filename' by this  you are adding files in queue which can be commited later.
11. do 'git commit' and file added in earlier step will get commited, remember still content are on yet not pushed to github repository. it will open editor for commit comments.
12. 'git log -2' to verify changes are in correct branch with correct email id
13. to push your commited content to git hub repository 'git push origin featureLMP-11941'
14. then in git hub go to new branch and create pull request for review
15 reviewer will add his comment
16 modify your local code, add , commit, push again -> reviewer will check if changes are made as he wishes
17 meanwhile get latest from master branch because someone might have done some changes using 'git pull origin master'
18. your approved branch will be deployed to respective environment throught jenkins
19 after successful release your branch will be merged to master so that next time if anyone do get latest he get your changes.
------------------------------
21-may-19
need to see today about TFS (TFVC) as repository, we already have one repository present on cybage central repository
https://almtfs.cybage.com
finally was able to create a repository in TFS repository
1. first get connected to your TFS server
2. go to source control explorer
3. add a folder
4. map it to a local folder where your solution is present to map you have add a workspce it your local folder is not at location of already mapped folder
5. to map a folder File ->source control->advanced->workspaces and do the mapping
6. go to local folder and selected all files and right click to select 'Add' , you will see green mark to all these folder.
7. go to source control explorer and selecte all files, right click and say check in. / go to pending changes and do check in 
8. you will see all your files and folder are present in version contorl.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=105VDFd9-ok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ7zaWfL6Bo

now i was trying to check in this modification done in file in git hub, but then faced problem that 
doing cd ~ it moved it to some z drive, then i needed to use cd command to get navigated to 'personal' folder.
then i did 'git add filename' and then git status but it showned nothing
then realized i am not connected to git as vpn is not on.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18322791/tfs-code-reviews-show-updated-files-in-response-to-comments
